# To-DoHippoApp
The App The app is named Hippo. It is a to-do list app that keeps track of tasks that need to be done this week. The tasks are written down under the day in which they need to be done and can be selected to indicate a completion of the task in which the text goes gray and the button is filled. After a few seconds, the task disappears. A limitless amount of tasks can be written down under the day, and the section bubble expands as more is added or shrinks when tasks are deleted.  The Challenge This was my first app project. After starting the “100 days of SwiftUI” course made by hacking with swift, I decided I had enough knowledge to complete my first project after 30 days. I will be continuing to complete the course and improve my skills in app development, but this is a good step forward. The app took about 3 days to make, roughly 10 hours. The biggest challenges of developing the app was working with dates and getting the tasks to appear and allow adding new ones. There are still a few bugs, which is why I decided not to upload it to the app store. Some bugs include, when the task is complete the space between tasks decreases between two tasks, but the rest are the same, which makes it look weird. The navigation bar also doesn't include the name of the app and logo completely. I also have a few bugs concerning data storage after the app has been fully closed. But I think I have spent more than enough time to develop it, and I want to continue with the course and improve my skills. 
